The Joe Rogan experience.
He's an animal, but, but those, those people and they,
it expresses itself differently.
And all these different exceptional people like Jocko is different than Tim.
Yeah. Tim Kennedy, Tim Kennedy is different than Andy.
They they're all different, but also all incredibly exceptional,
but there's something that they give off.
I like that though. When you talked about the exception among the.
Exceptional. Yeah. That's what, um, I think, um,
he called it David Goggins called it uncommon amongst uncommon people.
That's.
True. <laugh> yeah, that is very, very true.
That's the Kobe Bryant, the killing people right there.
They just, I mean, I read this thing about Kobe Bryant the other day.
I was just reading, uh, I don't know anything about basketball. Okay.
And I always refer to Jamie about.
Anything sports. How, how half times is there in basketball? I have zero.
Idea. I don't know how long it takes. Could take.
A day. How many quarters? I have no.
Idea. I would imagine if you say quarters, I'd say this four of 'em.
If you say how many periods, I don't know how many half times,
but I was reading all the stuff about, uh,
his high school coach saying that they would,
they would get there and he would be shooting baskets in the dark,
cuz they hadn't even turned the lights on yet. He'd be there an hour,
two hours before everybody that he would show up at these practices,
everybody would be at breakfast.
He would show up with ice on his knees and he was fully sweated out.
Like he'd just done three hours of working out before anybody did anything.
There's there's people like that, man. And you can hate on them.
You can hate on them. You can decide that that's not worth it, but you gotta,
the best thing you can do is acknowledge.
They're doing something that makes you feel funny. Yep.
And that makes you feel funny is your sense of understanding who you are.
It's testing, it's testing how you feel about yourself.
It's testing how you feel about your place in the universe. It's testing it.
You don't wanna know that there's some crazy Kobe Bryant getting up at four in
the morning, you know, doing deadlifts like, I wanna sleep.
But I also wanna be number one, bro. Yep.
Former Lakers player and head coach.
Byron Scott said he once found an 18 year old Bryant shooting in a dark gym,
two hours before practice. I.
Used to do that, but it was throwing footballs, throwing footballs into a,
it was actually into the laundry bass.
Skits. It's not uncommon, man. It's not uncommon if you, if you really want the.
Same with archery. I mean, you know, my sleeping hours are super,
super irregular.
There's times where I feel like practicing or a lot of times you'll probably get
up in the morning and I've already built your bow.
And I built it four or five in the morning because is to people
that are the exceptional among their field, they can't sleep.
If they know that they have to do something, what is, what are we looking at?
Cause as you guys are talking about this, he just Tores Achilles.
This is probably one of those last things he did. He.
Tores Achilles. But in order, this is like a rule in the game.
He had to shoot his free throws. It it's a weird stipulation.
So he's walking back out with no Achilles and he did does this. It was pretty,
pretty impressive.
Wow. He could barely walk, man. Holy. No.
Crying or nothing, but.
He's real. It up. That's how you have to be. If you wanna be a winner,
there's just no way around it. Yep. Swish ho. That's why I get the money.
Ho look at my mansion. <laugh>.
At that point, it's just subconscious taken over.
Anybody that doesn't think that someone like Kobe Bryant doesn't deserve mansion
and all the money has just not, does not understand what he just did.
Two swishes in a row with no Achilles. Yeah. Just shut the up.
I don't know about basketball. I know that was amazing. I've been.
Pretty <laugh> I've actually been pretty stuck on this subject in the last
few weeks. Um, I hardly ever,
ever, ever look at negativity. I mean,
I really don't read it. Don't look at it. But um,
there was a really big archery tournament, uh, about a month ago.
And there was some other pros that had made some comments about me just saying,
you know,
how is John Dudley on a GRE podcast asked he's not even competing.
He's not even doing anything. And you know,
people wanted to know how I felt about that. And I said,
the reality is there's several archers out there that have 10 times
the talent of me. No question. I'm not saying that I have that.
But what really is about that situation is when someone has 10 times
more talent than me and they do a 10th as much
to me, that's a big problem.
So you think there's a lot of people out there that are not realizing their full
potential. So because of that,
they're critical of other people because maybe even they're looking at their own
himself and they, they feel like they're not, I don't knowing their time.
I think, I think they're looking at the problem is cause.
The people do do that, right? Yeah.
Absolutely.
You limit yourself when you are not looking at
what you're doing when you're so occupied on what someone else is doing,
you limit what your true talent is. So is that my problem?
Is it my problem that you have 10 times the talent of me,
but I'm doing 10 times more with it. Is that, is.
That my problem? Those are big numbers.
Okay. Let's say two times. Okay. Okay. Let's say,
let's say you have twice a talent and you're natural.
You have more, but you're doing less. Yeah. I know.
What you're saying. I just feel like there's.
A lot of people doing that, right?
Yeah. There's I think the, I actually think the majority,
I think the people that are standouts are people that don't
have the natural true talent.
I think John Jones is a perfect example.
If he was able to literally a hundred percent maximize
his talent, how good could he be?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the problem is he's the one that has 10 times the talent,
but he's screwing it up.
And there's guys that have half the talent that are bigger stars because
they're actually doing it the right way. And they're maximizing,
they're almost,
they're almost doubling their potential because they're working at it
in the right fashion versus someone that has the true talent.
Isn't really maximizing their talent.
Mm I know what you're saying. Yeah. But I think here's a good sign.
Here's a really good sign. This is an easy way to decipher it.
When you see someone complaining about someone else's success,
anytime you see that,
anytime you see someone complaining about someone else's success and possibly
equating it to like some injustice in the world,
cuz they don't have equal success. The person's making a mistake.
They're making a mistake in even the way they're thinking,
if you criticize something cuz you just think it's bad.
Well that's certainly your prerogative. Yeah. Right? I mean, if you just,
if it's, especially if it's an art form or if it's, uh, something,
some one created that's one thing.
But if you're upset that someone's success, that doesn't make any sense.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> of course. Well they wanted to be successful.
They did the thing that it took to be successful. They became successful.
And what's your point? You don't have a point. Your point is going on me.
It's the little, little kid's version of what about me? What about me? Well, I,
it's not fair. It's not fair that some people are born billionaires.
It's not fair.
It's not fair that some people are born with birth defects where they don't have
feet. It's not fair that some people, they, their, their brain doesn't work.
It's this well as yours, there's a lot of. That's not fair. Yep.
Look at what you got. Look at what you got. You're doing well.
And you're worried about someone else's doing better. Why not just look at them?
Why not just look at 'em and go, what is that guy doing? Different?
What is she doing different than me? How come she's so much more successful?
How did he figure out how to do that? And look at it that way. Don't look at it.
Like you're angry at those people. That is wasted. It doesn't do you any good?
It does zero. Good for anybody involved? Not you, not the person. You're person.
You're trying to figure out why. Well is this good? Good.
That is just bad for you. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's bad for everybody.
It's bad for the person thinking negatively. It's bad for everybody around them.
The best way to do is like, huh? Like even if you're not even hateful about it,
like, like here's a good example. Like if a movie is giant in the box off,
he's like, wow. I thought it sucked. Didn't like it or whatever.
But if you freak out, Ho's up movie Jumanji, are you? Me bro.
Jumanji. A piece of. You know, people get crazy. They get crazy.
That guy made 800 million for Jumanji.
Can't it's not good for you, man. Gotta let that go. Yep.
Don't worry about Jumanji. Worry about yourself. Do you watch Jumanji?
It's pretty good. It's hard twice. I haven't seen it. I have little kids, man.
I haven't seen it yet. It's pretty good. I thought it was very good.
It's really well done. It's though in the rock together,
you can't Ms. Jack Black in one of the best performances in years and whoever
was the, uh, hot redhead chick. She was great too.